Update readme process in README.md (#165)
giantswarm/net-exporter: README.md

## Release Process

> Currently only members of the Giantswarm org can create releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently only members of the Giant Swarm organization can create releases for this project.
```

> For up to date steps please referrer to internal docs here: https://intranet.giantswarm.io/docs/dev-and-releng/how-to-release-a-project/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For up to date steps, please refer to internal docs here: https://intranet.giantswarm.io/docs/dev-and-releng/how-to-release-a-project/
```
